1)Rolling back an autoconfig session?
2)request is running long how to handle it?
3)how to upgrade database and applications?
4)difference between dbtechstack and dbTier
5)what happens in dbside and application side when we run cutover?
6)features of oem?
7)difference between 11g and 12c?
8)while export import it is taking time?
9)difference between 12.1 and 12.2
10)12c features
11)user requests are in pending stand by for long time?
12)what are the different utilities we use?
13)what happens when we lost context file?

The Applications context file can be retrieved by running the adclonectx.pl script.

To retrieve the Applications tier context file,

perl /clone/bin/adclonectx.pl retrieve
On being prompted for the context file to be retrieved, select the option of retrieving the
          Applications tier context file that has been lost and retrieve it to the default location specified

          by the script.

The above command can be used only when INST_TOP the is still intact. In case that has also been lost

accidentally, the Applications tier context file may be retrieved as follows:

Execute the following command on the Database tier:
perl /appsutil/clone/bin/adclonectx.pl retrieve

On being prompted for the context file to be retrieved, select the option of retrieving the
          Applications tier context file that has been lost.

While confirming the location for the context file, set it to any existing directory with write permission.
Once the context file has been generated in the specified location, move it to the location specified
          for the context file in the context variable 's_contextfile'.

To retrieve the Database tier context file,

Execute the following command on the Database tier:
perl /appsutil/clone/bin/adclonectx.pl retrieve

On being prompted for the context file to be retrieved, select the Database tier context file and
          retrieve it to the default location specified by the script.
		  
14)what is OAM?
15)ADCTRL 8TH OPTION?
16)12.2.5 cloning?
17)how to start the servcies using opmn?
18)what are the pre and post steps after db upgrade?
19)what are the components of SGA IN 11G AND 12C?





